c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.dll.config
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\WebAppApi.XML
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.pdb
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\obj\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.fsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\obj\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.dll
c:\users\agreen.development\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\obj\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.pdb
D:\GitHub\Playing\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\bin\Debug\WebAppApi.XML
D:\GitHub\Playing\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\obj\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.fsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GitHub\Playing\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\obj\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.dll
D:\GitHub\Playing\OpenAccessDb\AmoWebApi\AmoWebApiWebAppApi\obj\Debug\AmoWebApiWebAppApi.pdb
